## Meeting-notes			Technical preparation OOTS-Emrex, May  15th 2023

Opening 
* Agenda:  See folder
* Present:  Tor Fridell, Mathias Hjertholm, Michel Lieferath, Gerald Groot Roessink
* Declined: Guido Bacharach
*	Next meeting with EU May 25th 2023 

Purpose and objectives of the bridge
* We are focussing on the desiging a bridge
* Other questions arise: what, how to and when to communicate connecting educational institutions (role EAC?)
* And, general concern voiced by Tor, there is already no time and just scarce capacity to build it  

Proposal for Change in loop 1 (see rfc-attachement in folder)
* Gerald points to the functional resemblance between regional en sector registries
* Emrex' proposal: change loop 1 (find the dataservices) in all cases to a REST-fille api

Identity matching
* Identity matching OOTS and Emrex have a reversed order:  OOTS: at the start at the provicer,  Emrex afterwards at the consumer
* Emrex suggests Levensteins algorithm
* Either case, is is never 100% sure and includes false negatives and positives
* Tor:  What can the EU about 'strong'  identification?

What else?
*  Pim in Lead Architect of OOTS being created by Directorate General (DG) Digit
*  DG Digit is providing building blocks door DG Grow (From the Single Digital Gateway Regulation, SDGR) 
*  DG EAC is about education. Should they have a role in organizing this?
*  Emrex is interested in joining a projectathon.
*  Next preparation:   discussing the bridge flow proposal made by Pim (see sessions-folder)
